Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Once. a young man was walking
in the woods.
His name was Francesco Bernadone.
Suddenly. he found a chapel...
ruined.
with the walls destroyed.
He stepped inside.
A crucifix was still there.
where the altar had been.
Francesco felt captivated.
The crucifix spoke to him and said.
“Francesco. repair my Church.”
Francesco was a practical man.
He went up to the quarry on Mount Subasio.
cut stones.
carted them down the mountain.
and repaired the broken walls.
Any journey.
no matter how long.
has to start somewhere.
Any journey. no matter how glorious.
can start with a mistake.
So. when you feel lost.
don’t worry.
God will not give up.
Understood?
I’ve been thinking...
We have many troubles here.
It’s not fair to leave it all to Our Lady.
Who else could pray for us?
Let's see... Young man!
What’s your name?
The name of my team. San Lorenzo!
San Lorenzo. pray for us...
Father.
The Pope...
The Pope has died.
Brothers and sisters.
our beloved Holy Father John Paul II
has returned to the Lord's house.
This?
Archbishop of Kiev. Cardinal Husar.
Good.
This?
Cardinal Arinze of Nigeria.
Many say he will be
the first African Pope.
Good. This?
Bergoglio. Argentina.
Leading advocate for reform.
Very popular in--
I know who he is.
This?
Cardinal Martini.
They will choose
between tradition and reform.
[in Latin] What's the hymn
you are whistling?
[in Latin] "Dancing Queen."
[in Latin] By ABBA.
Good afternoon.
The Church is too used to this glory.
This is Europe...
Our churches are beautiful but empty.
like a fire covered in ash.
We need someone to blow the ash away.
You.
Someone outside of Europe is better.
No. Martini. Not me.
Thank you for the beautiful sermon.
You are welcome.
Cardinal Hummes. life was easier
when everybody spoke Latin.
Nice to see you.
No "nice to see you" for you. Jorge.
The cardinals are about to vote.
I call as my witness Christ the Lord.
who will judge me.
that I elect the one who I deem...
should be chosen according to God.
The results of the first scrutiny...
Joseph Ratzinger. 47 votes.
Jorge Bergoglio. ten votes.
Carlo Maria Martini...
Nine votes.
...no cardinal obtained
the 77 votes needed.
The results...
of the third scrutiny...
are the following:
It's white!
Jorge. what will you do now?
Return to Buenos Aires.
plan my retirement.
You're too young to retire.
The Church voted to make
overdue reforms remain overdue.
I can do more good
as a simple parish priest.
Okay.
I'll pray for him.
This protects the "Doctrine of the Faith."
He's already started with "no."
"No against this. no against that..."
It's bad for the poor in Brazil
and the poor in the world.
People are abandoning Catholicism
because it is too conservative.
Bye. bye.
Don't buy Tonio's stamps.
They don't work.
There’s nothing wrong with them.
I wrote a beautiful letter. and no reply.
Sent it again. still no reply.
Your stamps don't work.
Doesn't matter
how good your letter was. Jorge.
San Lorenzo will never call you.
Maybe you used the wrong address.
Impossible.
It’s a well-known address.
To whom?
The Pope.
So.
Tonio's stamps work.
I have your letters.
and this is from the Vatican.
Why the Pope?
I booked my flight.
Seriously?
What's so urgent?
You want to retire?
Don't do it.
We need you in Buenos Aires.
He wants me in Rome.
I booked my flight before this.
A coincidence...
There are no coincidences.
We are all in God's hands.
Good morning.
-How are you?
-Good. thank you.
Yes. It's a private matter.
so it's not in the official diary.
He is reading the report.
Yes. his Holiness is aware.
I'll ask if he can speak to him.
Your Holiness.
Would you speak to Cardinal Bertone?
I have him here.
Where is he?
Looks like he's lived here all his life.
Oregano. exactly.
My mother swore by oregano.
It makes everything taste good.
My mom mixes it with breadcrumbs.
-Me too.
-Really?
Yes!
Everything the Pope eats comes
from Gandolfo.
We send it to Rome. It's all organic.
Vegetables. eggs. cheese.
Good morning!
[in Latin] Holiness.
[in Latin] Last time we met.
we spoke Latin.
[in Latin] A short meeting.
[in Latin] I wasn't the student you were.
Holy Father.
[in Latin] Please. not Latin.
180 tickets sold.
Great.
-Am I free?
-Sure!
What are you doing?
Jorge. these results are the same.
Yes. same experiment.
What did we agree on?
We have to test. test and test.
We live and die by facts.
Facts are...
You've had a haircut.
That is a fact.
And that shirt is new.
Also a fact.
You've decided?
You will propose!
That's speculation.
No. a deduction.
An incorrect deduction.
I already asked.
Tonight we'll discuss the details.
So. you won't be a priest.
A logical conclusion. Esther.
What took you so long?
I had to listen to...
you know.
if He had other plans for me.
He?
This country doesn't need another priest.
I'll redo the tests.
-Next time. don't fool me.
-Promise.
Jorge!
You're going to be a great father.
You're beautiful!
The prettiest ones.
How do I look?
Very handsome!
Come in.
No. Father. I was just passing.
Bless me. Father. for I have sinned.
I'm listening. my son.
Before we start. may I ask you something?
I haven’t seen you around.
Where are you from?
Parque Patricios.
Sometimes I come here to give Mass.
I'm praying
you’re not a Huracán supporter.
Your prayers have been answered.
I live close by
in the priests’ home for the sick.
You tend to the sick.
No. I'm one of them.
I have cancer.
Leukemia.
Then why are you here. Father?
I woke up this morning.
the Lord asked me to hear confession.
But no one came...
until you.
What is troubling you?
I'm listening. son.
Some time ago. I asked for a sign.
Perhaps...
He's giving it now.
Maybe He wanted me here
to speak with you.
With me?
Now you know our Father is watching.
You can confess.
Free your heart.
-Bergoglio.
-Yes.
-Welcome home.
-Thank you.
-How are you?
-Good.
Do you know what you're saying no to?
-Yes.
-Yes?
She even has a name.
Oh. well.
You will have to learn to love her
in another way.
Love has many faces.
It's a big mistake to think
one can live without love.
I still have San Lorenzo.
Cardinal. I have a souvenir for you.
-I made some cuttings.
-Thank you!
So. when you return home...
Let me help you.
Hey. Cardinal. need a lift?
-How's the pizza?
-Better when hot.
Thank you. Lord. for Pipita's gift.
Also. Lord. bless our Pope.
The German? Let him bless himself.
Nazi.
Let God grant him a quiet night
and a peaceful end.
Holy Father. he's not there.
What do you mean?
We cannot find him.
I sent a car. but he's not there.
Find him!
Silence incarnate!
People of Argentina:
The country faces a hard moment
in its history...
I remarried.
In other words. you live with someone.
-What happened?
-We want our children. Where are they?
We Argentinians say
there are thousands and thousands...
of mothers and families suffering
in pain. anguish. and despair.
We don't know where our children are!
They say you lie.
We are lying?
That our children disappeared?
Where are they?
Cowards!
The so-called Christian Army have them!
Neither oppressors nor oppressed.
Father.
Admiral.
Father Bergoglio. from the seminary.
-The seminary?
-Nice to meet you.
Where Jesuits become Marxists
through books.
He is with us and got rid of the books.
Maybe a priest took them to a mission.
It is a joke.
My chaplain is a Jesuit.
I'm listening. Bergoglio.
Hélder Câmara.  Church and Development.
Yankee Imperialism in Latin America.
Olivares.
I didn't understand the call.
What's happening?
They are watching you. Esther.
We need to clear the house.
Books...
pamphlets...
All of it.
Why the urgency?
Gramsci.
The Working Class.  Peronism.
Brecht. Marx.
Psychoanalysis.
How do you know they're watching?
Who are you talking to?
See this guy protesting with you?
Gustavo.
No.
His name is Astiz.
Personal friend of Admiral Massera.
Otherwise known
as the "Blond Angel of Death."
An informer.
He’s a son of a bitch.
How long will you stay quiet?
Why don't you speak out?
Why don’t you speak out?
If I speak. I can't help.
No. If you spoke.
you would be one more. like us.
You like to be the one
in the admiral's palace...
making contacts.
Right?
I was his teacher.
Now he's head of the Jesuits in Argentina.
And Uruguay.
These are the guys learning skills.
Come meet the boys I mentioned.
They're real artists!
Jalics!
You need to close down Rivadavia.
What?
I need you to close this mission.
Yorio!
We didn't build this for nothing.
We can't abandon people.
With Massera.
if we haven't lost a Jesuit...
It's because you didn’t speak out.
And made us irrelevant.
They’re watching...
and don’t like what they see.
I know!
-How?
-What?
How do you know that. Jorge?
Did you go to President Videla's house?
To give communion?
They are assassins. Jorge.
My role is to protect the Order.
That's our calling now?
To protect ourselves?
I taught you...
How do we know Christ?
By following in his footsteps.
Where do they lead?
Here.
Or before a firing squad!
If that's so. so be it!
I'm your superior.
I'm begging you to return to the seminary!
If we don't obey?
You are Jesuits. You made vows!
Break them. and you're no longer Jesuits!
If we aren’t Jesuits. we lose protection.
It's like a death sentence.
So keep your vows. Damn it!
We refuse to cease our work.
You keep drinking tea with killers.
Listen to me!
I'll talk to whoever helps me save lives.
And you obey. Shut down the project!
It is an order.
You hear? It's an order!
I brought you some food...
It's an order!
Go home!
The Mass is over. Who's the priest?
Keep cool.
Gentlemen. calm down. please.
Admiral.
The priest.
Come in.
Admiral.
I'm listening.
-You have my priests--
-Vilas' serve!
He is good. right?
Admiral.
you have my priests Jalics and Yorio...
detained.
They are not political.
Why did you kick them out?
They were temporarily suspended.
A technical matter.
Who told you?
We see and hear everything.
Four months.
What are you doing to them?
Enough. Bergoglio!
I know full well where my priests are!
They're not your priests.
You just said so.
It's a "technical matter."
You should think before you act.
God bless this food...
NEW EVANGELISM
FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE EXCLUDED
Bless me. Father. for I have sinned.
I hate my former mother-in-law.
I want to kill her.
Bless me. Father. for I have sinned.
I have bad thoughts.
I masturbate many times a day.
Forgive me. Father. for I have sinned.
I live in sin constantly...
...I feel very ashamed about it...
I'm always depressed.
...looking at them with sexual desire...
I feel I'm a fraud...
I had a TV.
I liked to watch football.
A TV needs an antenna and a signal.
Sometimes the signal is bad.
We don't know why.
but sometimes it doesn't work.
It's the same when we pray.
Sometimes the signal
God sends us is strong and clear.
It works fine. One feels the connection.
that we are really plugged in.
in direct contact.
But other days...
one can only say.
"Well. at least I tried."
But you've gotten nothing back.
You don't have an answer.
You say.
"Father. that doesn't happen to you."
People believe that. for us.
it's different...
That we have...
a direct line with God.
No. it's not like that.
For us. it's the same as for you.
and you...
What I mean is...
today. I'm not worthy
of delivering a sermon.
My words would be empty.
Today. you should teach me.
That would be the best.
You talk about tyranny!
Your friends were tyrants!
They took away our companions!
You are an accomplice.
Friend of the military!
-Tell the truth!
-Where are they?
How difficult it is
to get out of ourselves sometimes.
and stop being selfish.
Because we think.
"I'll be an idol. be loved. be the Lord."
It's not like that.
There's only one Lord. Up there.
So. I want you to pass the ball.
Román. you have Lucas here. Look at him!
Is it clear?
-Understood?
-Yes.
-Yes!
Let's play!
With heart and short passes!
Now you are playing as a team.
Nice to meet you.
It's a pleasure to listen to you.
I absolve you in the name of the Father.
the Son. and of the Holy Spirit.
Holy Father.
It's nine o'clock.
They are opening the doors to the public.
Would you like me to delay the opening?
A margherita and diavola.
two Fantas. and a coffee.
Good. right?
Can you light the candles. please?
They're lit. Father.
Can you pass the stole? We're late.
In the name of the Father. the Son.
and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Lord. wash me clean...
from my sins.
so I can celebrate...
these sacred mysteries.
Now. let's give each other.
everyone.
a fraternal hug for peace.
What is it?
When he has something tricky to say.
he speaks Latin.
Did I hear right?
Not sure.
Did you get that?
Are you sure?
The Pope just renounced.
What?
Don't forget the poor.
You have a phone?
Holy Father. sorry. no reply.
Holy Father. you must choose.
I will wear what I am wearing.
The shoes?
They're part of a tradition from...
No. mine are fine.
Holy Father. the "mozzetta"?
No. thank you. The carnival is over.
If there has to be tears.
let’s make them tears of joy.
Brothers and sisters...
good evening.
You all know that...
the duty of the conclave...
was to give a bishop to Rome.
It seems that my cardinal brothers...
found one almost at the end of the world.
Now. here we are.
First of all.
I'd like to say a prayer
for our Bishop...
Emeritus Benedict XVI.
Let's pray together for him.
Make sure to eat well!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm